last muffin to see the sound go now
what's up my black brothers this is
sonic black boy and this is a little
Sonic Generations video never recorded
on generations sorry if it looks pretty
bad but i just want to make sure i could
record it at a smooth frame rate so
sorry about that oh this is a sonic
generations hacks showcase i just
thought i'd do it because I just I just
I just felt like doing it since I just
recently got some generations for PC
guys the controls and I and the mod
right here is probably your guys all
probably know it's Sonic Unleashed Jenna
John Terry she's on this project it's
pretty much Sonic Unleashed as you
wished for it no werehog improved
physics and it's just it's just amazing
and go here for the tutorial just to
show you guys um yeah I chose the Mario
modest you can probably see it's just
boost through here and I will probably
be getting an S because it's pretty hard
to get an S in this game I'm especially
later on in the game a way to get to a
chamar Alaska it's pretty hard to get
it's pretty icy isis but it's it's it's
still it's still really good hack I love
this is probably my favorite hack out of
all of them it's probably the most
popular but I'm pretty sure its most
popular so let's just boost you here and
all I misread star ring oh well um yeah
there you have it there the stage is
done so tough I'm fast-forwarding a
little bit by just 1 i'm just trying to
fast come fast for me i don't want to
make the video too long I didn't want me
to video too long sorry about that um ok
let's see here um should we go to act 1
yeah this is hack was absolutely amazing
I don't know about you guys but as you
can see there's the hub world stuff in
like the outer outer space background
and this just looks amazing i recommend
i definitely recommend you downloading
this hack it's absolutely amazing um
yeah let's just boost through here all
right all right yeah jump over there yet
made it and let's just get this start
red star ring and boost and homing
attack and jump around boost yeah screw
you and me I'm not gonna try and speed
run I probably read product for another
time but I mark i tried speed run for
now since that will be too much too much
work and it'll be i'll be here for hours
try to make this one shortcut and i just
missed it will just be boring for you
guys um I don't know which happily
playing next so um don't be surprised
but what the heck I choose to play Dex I
longer to I don't know one will choose
next actually um if Kevin ideas we leave
in the description any mods you want me
to play at playing so alright just goose
through here just click step in I want I
want to I want do it fast by my trying
to speed running so I pros would be like
you know my China speedrun I'm not
trying to do any fancy shortcut key then
just try and play it safe so I won't
mess up or die and are you kidding me
are you kidding me why why are you
kidding me man alright so just one
person can hear the recording is kind of
laggy the recordings had a leg and sorry
about that um it's a jump over there to
get the booze to get up here and yeah
okay I'm 14 seconds behind my best time
there's no way I'm gonna get S rank such
as since I was off by milliseconds last
last time last time I try to get S rank
I'll off by milliseconds like near
milliseconds or I saw a red star ring
down there let me just go away here sit
down a little bit around here
jump and get it all right all right the
modern wat is probably one of the most
popular I'll be playing the shadow mod
in spiral reef next time star reef is a
pretty hard hat but people say it's
extremely hard but I haven't played it
yet but it doesn't look too hard so
let's just goose down here jump combo 1
finish alright we keep on boosting and
we just go to that hoop and all right
there we go that would probably be an
s-rank and Sonic Unleashed or
generations but this isn't some Felicia
generation this is sonic generations
Elise project it's probably for its fur
though highest highest bet the best
speed runners so if you think up for the
challenge then you can do it but alright
I'm just loving this huh bro this Harbor
looks amazing Mario dozen really have a
boost like sphere around him as well
most people do alright i divided my
favorite statehood I'll do that later
I've not beaten out about yet so there's
just hardware requirements i need all
the harbor requirements so yeah there
you guys have it thank you for watching
like subscribe and yeah i'll see you
guys next time